The data came from ESPN. Each set of the plays was recorded the same day as the game was played. Each game varies in how many fourth downs occur. Some games have zero fourth downs while others can have upwards of ten. 
Each row in data.txt has four sections. The first is the downs for the third down play, the second is the description for the play ran on that third down, then the third and fourth are the same but for fourth down. 
Data.txt contains all of the third and fourth down plays where the team went for it on fourth for the current NFL season. 

For explaining of the two records I'll just use the first two lines in data.txt. They are both from the Thursday night game between Arizona and New Orleans this year. The first line shows that the down is 3rd and 7 yards to go until the first down. Then the play on that down is described in the next line where K. Murray threw a pass to Z.Ertz for 6 yards. Because only 3rd/4th down pairs are in the data set we know that wasn't enough for a first down so the second half is the fourth down play. It's now 4th and 1 yard to go and K.Murray this time runs the ball for two yards gaining the first down. 

There is a lot of extra information also in the text which I'm not sure I'll include in my analysis yet. In the second line, for example, you can see it says 'no huddle, shotgun' which just shows that the quarterback didn't start under center which telegraphs that it will most likely be a passing play. No huddle means the offense called the play very fast and didn't give the defense much time to reset. 'Pushed ob' shows that the player with the ball wasn't tackled but was forced to go out of bounds. 
